It seems that the black clouds over the Su family cover the sun
All because of this
What is this?
No.
It's the devil
Hahaha this sleep
Sleep long enough
Is it bad to make a fool of yourself?
It seems that this day
You've been waiting a long time.
You borrow the hatred from the demigods of the five kingdoms
Greed to kill
Anger selfish
Return to the world
National Army, we finally meet
Valkyrie
The trip of the two gods gives one body
No Heavenly Virtue Humph
But it's a pity
To save these ants
Make yourself blind
It seems that the Demon Lord has this Kunlun Divine Jade in my hand
I'm very interested.
Actually, I'm more interested than you
Your qualifications are troubled by time
As long as you are willing to follow
I not only let you rebuild
It can also make you a true god in this world
Platinum, you are really careless
But sorry
I'm not interested in it at all.
I am still the price of being free
More attractive to me
To die
I think you should know
Except for Tianjun in this world
There's nothing to fall back on
So I know
You have been suffering to become a king
But in the end it didn't work